Do you believe the cultural content in the SSC English textbook is relevant to your life and experiences? How?

Yes, I believe that it's kind of relevant to my life and experiences.

because some of the contents which include mostly the haritages and also other contents(cultures).

I visited them also, withnessed with some of these.

So, I can say that they are relevant to my life. Although there are also some things which are not completely relevant.


which case ,I would, make it like, for example, some places where I've never been to or I've never previously witnessed
So, they can be called irrelatent.

Okay, thank you. So, now next question,Does the textbook's cultural content assist you understand diverse cultures and perspectives? How?  

well, On one field, I would say that the textbooks's cultural content assists me to understand diverse cultures and perspectives only on the national level.
At the international level, I'd say that the diverse cultures and perspectives are not that descriptive or found that the not abundable as much as the local content.

So, that's good.  To what extent do the textbook's cultural contents stimulate your interest in learning English? 

I would say that according to the textbook, the cultural content is not exactly stimuling and interesting learning English.
Because the contents are relevant to my country, so it's not exactly something that's directly connected to English.

But you think or you believe that the cultural content can stimulate learning?


It might stimulate learning on a different topic but not specifically English.

Fine, that's good.

The next question, Do you believe that the textbook's cultural element makes English learning more interesting and engaging? 

Well, in that case,I would say that the international cultural contents, it inclues topics like, I want to say in the textbook, it talks about stetue of liberty. And also topics like the lake Bilal of Siberia
So, such topics and contents may make learning English more interesting.
Because they describe the scene in rather versatile English. so those make learning English more interesting.

why do you think that those elements, I mean, make interesting the things?
Why?
Because those texts or lessons, they actually describe the position, for example, the stetue of liberty,the lake Bikal, rather versatile and also lucid language
So, it makes it more interesting.

Fine, Can you explain how the textbook's cultural content helps you build a global perspective? 
In that case, I would say that it's not,
The textbook cultural content is not exactly very assisted when it comes to building a global perspective
Because I would have to state that the local contents in the text book
For example, here it says post like the shotgun with most of the others
They have actually been in the text books of all of our classes
From passage 1 to 10, in almost every book we can find something
The same thing or things closely, it's a pleasure at this content
So, compared to the local content, the international contents are rather scanty
So, I will say that it's not very assisted when it comes to building a global perspective
Fine
And last question, do you have any comments or recommendations about the culture, point of view?
In that case, I would state that as most would like to state
The text book actually focuses on the local contents a bit too much
And compared to that, I believe that more is just of literature
And English language should be added
And I have a few recommendations about the text book
For example, the merchant of Venice, Shakespeare was given an average version in our Assessive text
Although it helped almost all the students understand the play very easily
However, I believe that having a few original posts from the original merchant of Venice
Which actually expressed Shakespeare's language for this method of narration
It would help us understand Shakespeare and English rather easily
And I will also say that we should have a few more instances of novels
I mean, you saw that the Segue's builder or who are the maker of the books
They should include more image literature in your textbooks
If you want that
Thank you for your recommendation and for your cooperation
