Do you believe that cultural content in the ancient textbooks is relevant to your life and experience?
Well, how? Every cultural content is not really relevant. Most of the cultural content are basically just, we just see them in the stories of our books.
And we don't experience most of them in our real life.
Not in your life.
Not in your life.
Does it take Luke's culture of content, ethnicity to understand the diverse cultures and past 50?
Well, the textbook for this year doesn't really have too many diversities.
It is mostly focused on the binkolic culture only, but the diversities that we have in Bangladesh or around the world are pretty much absent in this year's section.
That's good.
To what accent do the cultural content, okay, stimulate your interest in learning English?
The cultural contents don't really stimulate interest to learn English because culture doesn't really involve you in English.
You can do this in any other language. You can learn cultural content in Bangladesh as well.
But it doesn't really have anything that makes you more interested to learn English.
And if they are not present, that's the way we can stimulate you to learn.
That's good.
The next question is, do you believe that the textbook culture elements make you learning more interesting and engaging?
No, I don't think so.
I don't think so.
Why?
Because I don't think the cultural elements in English are actually that much related because we have learned about culture
and our Bangladesh and global studies work as well.
But it doesn't really have anything specific that makes it more interesting and engaging in respect of learning English.
That's a good answer. Fine.
The next question, can we explain how the textbook culture can help you to build a global perspective?
Yeah, the cultural content do have a bit of global perspective.
But I think there can be more that can be added to our textbook.
I mean, it's new, but there's no enough, enough, important in our book.
So it should improve those sorts of points.
I mean, here are other questions. Can you explain how the cultural content, I mean, go the global perspective in the students?
Well, the cultural content may help us to learn about what is going on around the world, what people do, what are the changes that are coming and what was done in the past.
What's happening there? Google around. Yes.
There is a difference between what was going on in the past and what's going on right now.
So I think that difference can help the students learn more about the global perspective.
Okay, so fine. So now the question and the question, do you have any more comment or recommendation about the cultural content of the ACES textbooks?
Well, I think there are too many stories and now hopes, but I think there can be an upgraded versions like that.
The link, but there can be parts from novels, famous novels around the world, famous stories, and many more.
So I think those type of things can be added instead of just only stories or biographies.
There are more that can be used to help us learn English.
That's it. Thank you for your cooperation.
